- [Instructor] Throughout the course,
we will use WildFly, a certified Java EE
application server provided by Jboss.
Within WildFly, we'll find implementations
of various Java Enterprise Edition technologies
that support development of Java EE applications.
So all we need to do in order to get started with WildFly
is click on the downloads section of the WildFly website,
which is located at wildfly.org.
Within the downloads section,
you'll find various distributions of the application server.
We're going to be using version 17.
So if we scroll down, you'll notice that we have
the Java EE Full and Web Distribution.
This will include support
for all of the APIs found within Java EE.
Go ahead and download this distribution
by clicking on the ZIP link.
And you'll notice that the server begins to download.
It's packaged in a nice ZIP file.
I've placed that ZIP file on the desktop.
And I'm just going to click on the downloaded ZIP file.
I'm going to change its name to server,
and then I'm going to go ahead and extract it to the desktop.
Here we see the directory containing WildFly.
If we look within the contents of that directory,
you'll see the server and all of the files related to it.
You'll want to be sure to note the installation directory
where you've placed the WildFly server,
because we'll need that in order to integrate
the server with our IDE.